We host on soundcloud the audio files for streaming faster.

♪ The following audio files are notes from the test sets of SOL.

Each input sample is followed with a model reconstruction inverted with GLA. We show results of WAE-style and WAE-Fader both conditioned on the playing styles of the violin. Plus the reconstructions of WAE-Fader trained on playing styles of other instruments: french-horn, clarinet, piano and trumpet.

https://soundcloud.com/user-992344055/sets/test_set_note_rec

♪ The following audio files are conditional notes generated by the models as for the evaluation with the pre-trained data attribute classifiers.

Each file contains series of note variations separated with a silence. Each series is a random sample from the latent prior decoded to each possible attribute of the model. The note targets are set with random semitone and octave conditions, either in {3-4} (o34.wav) or in {0-8} (o9.wav)

We have the following models with playing style conditioning:

+ WAE-style on violin playing styles, series of: sustained ; short ; non-vibrato ; ordinario ; staccato ; pizzicato-secco ; medium-vibrato-short ; tremolo ; medium-vibrato-sustained ; pizzicato-l-vib (o34)

+ WAE-fader on violin playing styles, series of: sustained ; short ; non-vibrato ; ordinario ; staccato ; pizzicato-secco ; medium-vibrato-short ; tremolo ; medium-vibrato-sustained ; pizzicato-l-vib (o34)

We have the following models with timbre (instrument) conditioning:

+ WAE-style on ordinario timbres, series of: piano ; oboe ; english-horn ; flute ; bassoon ; violin ; alto-saxophone ; tenor-trombone ; clarinet ; french-horn ; violoncello ; trumpet (o34)

+ WAE-fader on ordinario timbres, series of: piano ; tenor-trombone ; english-horn ; alto-saxophone ;  oboe ; flute ; clarinet ; bassoon ; french-horn ; violoncello ; trumpet ; violin (o34)

+ WAE-fader on ordinario timbres, series of: piano ; tenor-trombone ; english-horn ; alto-saxophone ;  oboe ; flute ; clarinet ; bassoon ; french-horn ; violoncello ; trumpet ; violin (o9)

https://soundcloud.com/user-992344055/sets/cond_note_gen
